proofread: destroy.md (#2483)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/administration/destroy.md

---
# How to destroy a file system

> JuiceFS client provides the `destroy` command to completely destroy a file system, which will result in

Reviewer: need trailing colon?

> JuiceFS client provides a `destroy` command to completely destroy a file system, which will result in the following.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JuiceFS client provides the `destroy` command to completely destroy a file system, which will give the following results.
```

> - Delete all metadata entries of the file system

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deletion of all metadata entries of this file system
```
这里用不用强调是「此」文件系统

> - Deletes all data blocks of the file system

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deletion of all data blocks of this file system
```

> Use this command in the following format.

Reviewer 2: 改之后的好像有些不清楚，感觉原来的好一些？

Reviewer: just use "command usage"

Author: `Command Usage`, or just a `Usage` is better to me than doing literal translation.

## Find the UUID of the file system

> JuiceFS client provides a `status` command to view detailed information about a file system by simply specifying the file system's metadata engine URL, e.g.

Reviewer: Use `juicefs status` to check detailed information about a file system, e.g.

## Destroy a file system

:::danger

> The destroy operation will cause all the data in the database and the object storage associated with the file system to be deleted. Please make sure to back up the important data before operating!

Reviewer: remove the "please"

> The destroy operation will cause all the data in the database and the object storage associated with the file system to be deleted, please make sure to backup the important data first before operating!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The destroy operation will cause all the data in the database and the object storage associated with the file system to be deleted. Please make sure to back up the important data before operating!
```
